Added note about editing keyboard and fixed a typo (#220)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/plugins/keyboard.md

| [**Custom Keyboard**](#custom-keyboards) | a set of buttons that is displayed instead of the user's system keyboard                                                           |
| **Inline Keyboard button**               | a button in an inline keyboard, sends a callback query not visible to the user when pressed, sometimes just called _inline button_ |
| **Custom Keyboard button**               | a button in a keyboard, sends a text message with its label when pressed, sometimes just called _keyboard button_                  |
| **`InlineKeyboard`**                     | class in grammY to create inline keyboards                                                                                         |
| **`Keyboard` (!)**                       | class in grammY to create custom keyboards                                                                                         |

> Note that both custom keyboard buttons and inline keyboard buttons can also have other functions, such as requesting the user's location, opening a website, and so on.
> This was omitted for brevity.

> > As of current tests, it's not possible to edit a custom keyboard with `editMessageReplyMarkup` and change it to a Inline Keayboard and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As of current tests, it's not possible to edit a custom keyboard with `editMessageReplyMarkup` and change it to an inline keyboard and vice versa.
```

> > As of current tests, it's not possible to edit a custom keyboard with `editMessageReplyMarkup` and change it to an inline keyboard and vice versa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

It is not possible to specify both a custom keyboard and an inline keyboard in the same message.
The two are mutually exclusive.
Moreover, the sent kind of reply markup cannot be changed at a later point by editing the message.
For example, it is not possible to first send a custom keyboard along with a message, and then edit the message to use an inline keyboard.
```

Author: This looks fine. I wanted to make it a small note.

Reviewer: I'm OK.

Reviewer 2: Nice, go ahead
